Open C-R-M, then Customers.
p02
This is the member database, and it's where most support calls begin.
p03
Every tool you need to find a customer sits on this one screen.
p04
Start at the top.
p05
Four numbers frame the whole base: total customers, active members, at risk, and prospects.
p06
They cover every customer, not just the page in front of you.
p07
Read them first.
p08
Below the numbers, three cards.
p09
One tracks member growth over the last year.
p10
Another splits active members by plan.
p11
The third grades customer health, low, medium, and high risk, at a glance.
p12
You read these; you don't click into them.
p13
Now the list card itself.
p14
The eyebrow labels it the member database, and the title reads Customer List.
p15
This card holds the searchable table of every customer you have.
p16
Three buttons sit top-right of the card.
p17
Retention Log opens a churn report we'll visit in a minute.
p18
Delete and Add Customer both change data, so we leave them alone today.
p19
Adding a customer gets its own lesson.
p20
Just above the table, the search box.
p21
Read the placeholder.
p22
It names exactly what you can search by: a name, a plate, an email, a location, or a plan.
p23
You never have to guess which field will match.
p24
Next to it, the Filters control.
p25
The badge counts active filters.
p26
Right now it reads zero, so nothing is narrowing the list.
p27
Open it for a panel that trims the base down;
p28
any count above zero means the list is already filtered.
p29
Now the columns.
p30
Eight of them: customer, location, plan, member since, status,
p31
then the member's numbers, visits, total spend, and last visit.
p32
Every header sorts.
p33
The checkbox column on the left selects rows, and on this tour those boxes stay empty.
p34
Look at one row across.
p35
The plan and the status each show as a coloured chip.
p36
Active is green, inactive is grey, and the plan chip names the package.
p37
The colour is how a row's state reads in a half-second.
p38
Drop to the footer.
p39
Twenty-five rows a page, and the last page button reads sixty-five thousand.
p40
This table runs past a million and a half migrated records,
p41
so you search for a customer, not page to them.
p42
The strip up top counts a smaller headline figure that does not reconcile with the table,
p43
a known demo quirk, which is why the two counts differ.
p44
Click Retention Log.
p45
This read-only page tracks members who left or nearly did.
p46
Its own four numbers frame it: total events, saves this month, cancellations, and the churn rate.
p47
No delete or add here.
p48
It is a log you read, not a list you edit.
p49
The table tells the story.
p50
Each row is one event: date, customer, site, event type, and outcome.
p51
A green Saved chip means you kept them, Cancelled means you lost them,
p52
and Downgraded and At Risk fall in between.
p53
When a churn question comes in, the answer lives here.
p54
Head back to the list.
p55
The breadcrumb or the sidebar both drop you on the Customer List again, right where you started.
p56
Now use the search.
p57
Type the first few letters of a name you can see, then hit Search.
p58
The table collapses to just the matches.
p59
On a list this size, that is how you land on the right customer in seconds.
p60
Clear the box.
p61
The full list snaps back, untouched.
p62
That is the Customer List: numbers up top, health in the cards,
p63
a search that names its own fields, sortable columns with colour-coded chips,
p64
and a Retention Log one click away.
p65
Learn this screen and C-R-M support gets faster.